	    Abd-Allah ibn Amr (Arabic: عبدالله بن عمرو‎) was the son of the famous Sahaba and military leader Amr ibn al-A'as and also a transmitter of Hadith [1]
Maulana Abdul Haq Vidyarthi (1888–1977) joined the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement in 1907. In 1914, Maulana Muhammad Ali and his associates founded the Ahmadiyya Anjuman Isha‘at Islam missionary society in Lahore and Maulana Abdul Haq joined. He spent the rest of his life there as missionary, journalist, lecturer, writer and scholar. He studied ancient languages and scriptures to discover what he believed to be prophecies about Muhammad and to refute negative criticism of Islam. He earned the title vidyarthi due to his extensive knowledge of the Hindu Vedas.[1]
Abed Abdi (born February 1942, Haifa, Mandate Palestine) is an Arab Israeli painter, graphic designer, sculpturer and lecturer of the arts.
1 Senior club appearances and goals
	    Abraham P. Stephens (February 18, 1796 - November 25, 1859) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
	    Abraxas is Czech rock band, formed in 1976. The leader is guitarist and composer Slávek Janda.
Absolute Value is the second full-length album by Boston rapper Akrobatik. It was released on February 19th, 2008 by Fat Beats Records. The album features guest appearances by hip-hop luminaries such as Talib Kweli, Chuck D, and B-Real, as well as production by the likes of 9th Wonder, Illmind, J Dilla, and Da Beatminerz. despite receiving rave reviews, the album has sold about 600 units in its opening week.[1]
	    Abu Ubaida al-Masri (Arabic: ابو عبيده المصري) (died December 2007) was an al-Qaeda operative in Pakistan. Al-Masri has been implicated in the 2006 Transatlantic Aircraft Plot, which was to be carried out by a terrorist cell operating in London, but which was orchestrated by al-Qaeda's central leadership.
	    Abuja Stock Exchange (ASE) was set up in 2000 and went live in 2001. It was the first exchange in Nigeria to provide electronic trading, clearing and Settlement for both the primary market as well as secondary markets. It was set up to trade in equities, unlisted stocks and plain vanilla bonds.

